hey guys company shorts gamer here all
right
piss off I actually can't find my
glasses so if I just start to lose
you obviously know the reason why do I
look better with my glasses on or off
I've been winning so much it's literally
like Tekken because I literally never
lose in Tekken I've never lost in second
I know I have lost but this FIFA is now
like the new tekken for me
I'm almost already in Division three
dude
I'm going to get to Division one all
those people that said I'm never going
to get to Division one for social or
opponent I am ready I've got no the only
disadvantage is I don't have my glasses
but that's not gonna do me any harm is
it I'm still going to bounce let's just
go let's see this guy's team - I can't
even see any of the players so I don't
know if it's good or not had some tea
just so you know stimulate me so I'm not
that angry or hyper so I'm ready for
this it's up and I'll ski and he just
takes the ball off me but no man's
business
oh my gosh she scores he scores
that's okay as I have taken my tea I'm
fine
it's gonna go sweaty of course put down
skis on the ball
tab harder sorry
sit down walk inside all right
playing well or playing well Dicky
you're doing well oh gosh oh my god I
don't know
did she come on
sky is shockingly crap how am i losing
I'm sorry how the hell am I losing gonna
become free oh wait it's gonna
disconnect come on come on come on oh
maybe I've won maybe I've won oh wait
what so I don't win so what does that
mean there's anything happen there's not
nothing playing another one um
easy easy oh this guy is crap I'm gonna
win this not to jinx up but look at that
who's eight was ice shovels a shot Jesus
who's this guy I don't even know who
this guy is
oh Jesus stitch get past two and then
that's what you do ha rhymed you know
screw it we need desi mode early veggie
mode on
bloody hell this guy is shocking and
p.m. people say I'm crap I'm sorry you
guys need to take that all back there we
go desi to store there we go
Matt trap boom there we go and it's up
for dos vinhos Matsuri now is Podolski
this is a no okay
hahaha - --mode fleshie mode off no need
for it now yeah we need to see mode
black mini desi mode back alright
there's your mode on it's not gay there
we go oh battery Oh battery battery max
me what was that oh wait what I was
halftime enter it doesn't matter off
site it's dizzy mode even on wait now
excited thank you but who and that's how
you know desi mode is off oh my gosh
home sexy goal from a tree again think
much you got a hatchery naughty to see
this hold down the B bottle got it
well that's a game here you go there you
go 3-1 no what does that mean that means
nothing I'm still in Division four no I
don't like about this game how long it
takes to kill these freaking zombie and
all you do is press one button and it
takes so long I've got this guy again
hey why don't you stand still with us
now just let him die I don't know why
but he really like zombie penis he's
he's just gonna stop